# WhiteBoxOptimalParameters

This repository contains all the files used to generate the time measurements and our time results for the paper **Optimal parameters of sliding window algorithms: Optimizing white-box decoding analysis attacks**.

The files *LDA.py*, *HDDA.py*, *HODCA.py* and *WBLPN.py* contains their respective attacks for a single window, as well as a function that generates random inputs to allow performing time measurements. Although the files has the *py* extension, these codes requires *SageMath* to work (our time measurements have been realized with (SageMath version 10.2).


## computeTime.py

This file allows to compute the time taken for a single window for *LDA*, *HDDA*, *HODCA* and *WBLPN* attacks. If the record option is active, all the results will be stored in the folder *timeResults* in a pickle file that *processData.py* can handle. Further description of the input parameters are given in the argument parser.


## processData.py

This file allows to process the pickle file generated by the *computeTime.py* file. Different input parameters are available to print the average, min, max values of the timing, their corresponding window sizes. This file allows also to compute the best in-practice paces as well as the different possible in-practice paces for a given effective window size. Our time measurements are located in the *OurTimeResults* folder.


## HODCAcomputeTraces.py

This file allows to compute the required amount of traces to perform the HODCA attacks following *Higher-order DCA against standard side-channel countermeasures. In Ilia Polian and Marc Stöttinger, editors, COSADE 2019* paper. These values are long to compute, so we only precomputed the number of traces for K=4096 and degree 2 and 3 for reasonable window sizes.
